c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\wincem.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\wincem.pdb
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\wincem.xml
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\obj\Debug\wincem.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\obj\Debug\wincem.Resources.resources
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\obj\Debug\wincem.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\obj\Debug\wincem.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\obj\Debug\wincem.xml
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\obj\Debug\wincem.pdb
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\wincem.dll.config
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\obj\Debug\wincem.vbproj.App.config
C:\Users\jschmidt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\PdfSharp.dll
C:\Users\jschmidt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\PdfSharp.pdb
C:\Users\jschmidt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\PdfSharp.xml
C:\Users\jschmidt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\de\PdfSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\bin\LinqKit.dll
C:\Users\jschmidt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wincem\wincem\obj\Debug\wincem.Migrations.Initial.resources
